Fix grammar (#2078)
flyteorg/flyte: rsts/concepts/execution_timeline.rst

Acceptance Latency
====================

> Every Workflow starts in the ``Acceptance`` phase. Acceptance refers to the time between FlyteAdmin receiving an execution request and FlytePropeller evaluating the first round of Workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every workflow starts in the ``Acceptance`` phase. Acceptance refers to the time between Flyte Admin receiving an execution request and Flyte Propeller evaluating the first round of workflow.
```

> Usually within this phase, the K8s queuing latency is the largest contributor to latency. But overall Acceptance latency of <5s is desirable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, within this phase, the K8s queuing latency is the largest contributor to latency where the overall acceptance latency of <5s is desirable.
```

> **This is one of the latencies that the core team is working on optimizing**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This is one of the latencies that the core team is working on optimizing.**
```

> **This is one of the latencies that the core team is working on optimizing**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This is one of the latencies that the core team is working on optimizing.**
```

Transition Latency
===================

> Transition latency refers to the time between successive node executions, i.e between N1 & N2. For the first node (N1) this latency also encapsulates executing the ``Start node``. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transition latency refers to the time between successive node executions, i.e., between N1 & N2. For the first node ``N1``, this latency also encapsulates executing the start node. 
```

> Similarly, the last node also encapsulates executing ``End node`` as well. ``Start Node`` and ``End Node`` are capstones inserted to mark the beginning and end of the DAG.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, the last node encapsulates executing the end node. ``Start Node`` and ``End Node`` are capstones inserted to mark the beginning and end of the DAG.
```

> The Latency involves time consumed to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latency involves time consumed to:
```

#. Gather outputs for a node after the node completes.

> #. Send an observation event to FlyteAdmin. Failing to do so will be regarded as an error and will be tried until it is a success or we exhaust system max retries. (as a default the the max system retries is configured to be 30 and can be altered per deployment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Send an observation event to FlyteAdmin. Failing to do so will be regarded as an error and will be tried until it succeeds or system max retries are exhausted (the number of max system retries is configured to be 30 by default and can be altered per deployment).
```

#. Persist data to Kubernetes.
#. Receive the persisted object back from Kubernetes (as this process is eventually consistent using informer caches).
#. Gather inputs for a node before the node starts.
#. Send a queued event for the next node to FlyteAdmin (this is what is persisted and drives the UI/CLI and historical information).

> **This is one of the latencies that the core team is working on optimizing!**

Reviewer: We already have this in line 27.

Queuing Latency
================

> This is the time taken by Kubernetes to start the pod, or other services to start the job or an HTTP throttle to be met or any rate-limiting that needs to be overcome. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Queuing latency is the time taken by Kubernetes to start the pod, other services to start the job, HTTP throttle to be met, or any rate-limiting that needs to be overcome. This
```

> is usually tied to the available resources and quota and is out of control for Flyte.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is usually tied to the available resources and quota, and is out of control for Flyte.
```

Completion Latency
===================

> The time taken to mark the workflow as complete and accumulate outputs of a workflow after the last node completes its execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Completion latency is the time taken to mark the workflow as complete and accumulate outputs of a workflow after the last node completes its execution.
```

> **This is one of the latencies that the core team is working on optimizing!**

Reviewer: Can we just have a note to say what all latencies we are working on optimizing rather than writing this line again and again?

> Overview of various latencies in FlytePropeller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overview of Various Latencies in FlytePropeller
```
